thanks for coming in today yeah you're
18 right last I looked gorgeous hey you
must be cherry yeah hi
so the first question that I always ask
everyone is why do you want to do porn
really she's new she's hot
are you nervous sweetie actually I'm a
little bit nervous you should do a girls
club shoot we could do it together
so even gotten naked yet you're already
hitting on her I have been nice and sky
to show you something it's good to know
your strengths and your limitations I'm
thinking about doing a guy girl shoot I
don't think you should do it and action
[Laughter]
where's your boyfriend get in here I
don't know what happened I'm sure he's
gonna be here soon
[Music]
you know my mom doesn't believe that
you're exist I exist sorry I'm like
don't worry you're the most important
thing on that set
you need to tell me if you need money I
can help temper the accounting firm with
a funny trust codon big salary huh
I think it might be a bad person why do
you do what you do
the girl that you're waiting for to come
home does not exist
entertain us your work of art
[Music]